Keystone connector documentation (#90)
dexidp/website: content/docs/connectors/keystone.md

---
title: "Authentication Through OpenStack Keystone"
linkTitle: "OpenStack Keystone"
description: ""

> date: 2020-09-30

Reviewer: This date seems incorrect -- v2.14.0 was released on Jan 11, 2019, but for documentation we may want to use the day the page was published or written.

Author: Overlooked it, thank you. Need time to get used to it.

draft: false
toc: true

> weight: 2100

Reviewer: This has the same weight as Bitbucket Cloud, so they'll default to alphabetical ordering between them.

If we want Keystone between Bitbucket cloud and Openshift, I'd suggest a weight between the two:

```suggestion
weight: 2105
```

Author: I think the right place is after Gitea connector, so `2135`.

---

## Overview

[Keystone](https://docs.openstack.org/keystone/latest/) is an OpenStack service that provides API client authentication, service discovery, and distributed multi-tenant authorization. 

> OpenStack Keystone connector supports `offline_access` and `groups` scopes. To use this connector, you need to create a domain and user with an admin role and then specify credentials in the configuration file like in the example below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenStack Keystone connector supports `offline_access` and `groups` scopes. To use this connector, create a domain and user with an admin role, then specify the credentials in the configuration file (see the example below).
```

> Keystone should expose [Identity API v3](https://docs.openstack.org/api-ref/identity/v3/) to work with dex.

Reviewer: The term "should" is throwing me off a little here. Makes me think that sometimes Keystone doesn't expose the API... If that's the case, should we add a workaround?

```suggestion
Keystone exposes the [Identity API v3](https://docs.openstack.org/api-ref/identity/v3/) to work with dex.
```

## Configuration

> The following is an example of a configuration for dex config file:

Reviewer: I don't do technical reviews for this project (yet -- still learning!), so i have a question about which file this is referring to -- in other connector examples it's referring to `examples/config-dev.yaml`, but I'm not 100% that's right either. 

The other option may be to remove this line as a little redundant (some of the other connectors don't have a blurb in their `## Configuration` section, they just go straight into the config.

```suggestion
The following is an example of an OpenStack Keystone configuration for dex:
```

Author: As far as I remember, we want to abstain from using `examples/config-dev.yaml`.
https://github.com/dexidp/dex/blob/master/examples/config-dev.yaml#L1

But I don't think it is a good idea to point users to another configuration file  🤔 
I think I will apply your suggestion for now.

Reviewer: > As far as I remember, we want to abstain from using examples/config-dev.yaml.

I hadn't realized that--good to know.
